Add reactive limiters for ingesters (#10574)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/configure/configuration-parameters/index.md

  # and its timeouts aren't reported as errors.
  # CLI flag: -ingester.read-circuit-breaker.request-timeout
  [request_timeout: <duration> | default = 30s]

rejection_prioritizer:
  # (experimental) Enable adaptive limiting when making requests to ingesters
  # CLI flag: -ingester.rejection-prioritizer.enabled
  [enabled: <boolean> | default = false]

>   # (experimental) The interval at which the rejection threshold should be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # (experimental) The interval at which the rejection threshold is
```

  # calibrated
  # CLI flag: -ingester.rejection-prioritizer.calibration-interval
  [calibration_interval: <duration> | default = 1s]

push_adaptive_limiter:
  # (experimental) Enable adaptive limiting when making requests to ingesters
  # CLI flag: -ingester.push-adaptive-limiter.enabled
  [enabled: <boolean> | default = false]

>   # (experimental) Min duration of the window that is used to determine recent,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # (experimental) Minimum duration of the window that is used to determine the recent,
```

  # short-term load on the system
  # CLI flag: -ingester.push-adaptive-limiter.short-window-min-duration
  [short_window_min_duration: <duration> | default = 1s]

>   # (experimental) Max duration of the window that is used to determine recent,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # (experimental) Maximum duration of the window that is used to determine the recent,
```

  # short-term load on the system
  # CLI flag: -ingester.push-adaptive-limiter.short-window-max-duration
  [short_window_max_duration: <duration> | default = 30s]

>   # (experimental) Min number of samples that must be recorded in the window

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # (experimental) Minimum number of samples that must be recorded in the window
```

  # CLI flag: -ingester.push-adaptive-limiter.short-window-min-samples
  [short_window_min_samples: <int> | default = 1]

>   # (experimental) Short-term window measurements that will be stored in an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # (experimental) Short-term window measurements that are stored in an
```

  # exponentially weighted moving average window, representing the long-term
  # baseline inflight time
  # CLI flag: -ingester.push-adaptive-limiter.long-window
  [long_window: <int> | default = 60]

  # (experimental) The quantile of recorded response times to consider when
  # adjusting the concurrency limit
  # CLI flag: -ingester.push-adaptive-limiter.sample-quantile
  [sample_quantile: <float> | default = 0.9]

>   # (experimental) Min inflight requests limit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # (experimental) Minimum inflight requests limit
```

  # CLI flag: -ingester.push-adaptive-limiter.min-inflight-limit
  [min_inflight_limit: <int> | default = 2]

>   # (experimental) Max inflight requests limit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # (experimental) Maximum inflight requests limit
```

  # CLI flag: -ingester.push-adaptive-limiter.max-inflight-limit
  [max_inflight_limit: <int> | default = 200]

  # (experimental) Initial inflight requests limit
  # CLI flag: -ingester.push-adaptive-limiter.initial-inflight-limit
  [initial_inflight_limit: <int> | default = 20]

>   # (experimental) The max limit as a multiple of current inflight requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # (experimental) The maximum limit as a multiple of current inflight requests
```

  # CLI flag: -ingester.push-adaptive-limiter.max-limit-factor
  [max_limit_factor: <float> | default = 5]

  # (experimental) How many recent limit and inflight time measurements are
  # stored to detect whether increases in limits correlate with increases in
  # inflight times
  # CLI flag: -ingester.push-adaptive-limiter.correlation-window
  [correlation_window: <int> | default = 50]

  # (experimental) The number of allowed queued requests, as a multiple of

>   # current inflight requests, after which rejections will start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # current inflight requests, after which rejections start
```

  # CLI flag: -ingester.push-adaptive-limiter.initial-rejection-factor
  [initial_rejection_factor: <float> | default = 2]

  # (experimental) The number of allowed queued requests, as a multiple of

>   # current inflight requests, after which all requests will be rejected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # current inflight requests, after which all requests are rejected
```

  # CLI flag: -ingester.push-adaptive-limiter.max-rejection-factor
  [max_rejection_factor: <float> | default = 3]

read_adaptive_limiter:
  # (experimental) Enable adaptive limiting when making requests to ingesters
  # CLI flag: -ingester.read-adaptive-limiter.enabled
  [enabled: <boolean> | default = false]

>   # (experimental) Min duration of the window that is used to determine recent,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # (experimental) Minimum duration of the window that is used to determine recent,
```

  # short-term load on the system
  # CLI flag: -ingester.read-adaptive-limiter.short-window-min-duration
  [short_window_min_duration: <duration> | default = 1s]

>   # (experimental) Max duration of the window that is used to determine recent,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # (experimental) Maximum duration of the window that is used to determine recent,
```

  # short-term load on the system
  # CLI flag: -ingester.read-adaptive-limiter.short-window-max-duration
  [short_window_max_duration: <duration> | default = 30s]

>   # (experimental) Min number of samples that must be recorded in the window

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # (experimental) Minimum number of samples that must be recorded in the window
```

  # CLI flag: -ingester.read-adaptive-limiter.short-window-min-samples
  [short_window_min_samples: <int> | default = 1]

>   # (experimental) Short-term window measurements that will be stored in an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # (experimental) Short-term window measurements that are stored in an
```

  # exponentially weighted moving average window, representing the long-term
  # baseline inflight time
  # CLI flag: -ingester.read-adaptive-limiter.long-window
  [long_window: <int> | default = 60]

  # (experimental) The quantile of recorded response times to consider when
  # adjusting the concurrency limit
  # CLI flag: -ingester.read-adaptive-limiter.sample-quantile
  [sample_quantile: <float> | default = 0.9]

>   # (experimental) Min inflight requests limit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # (experimental) Minimum inflight requests limit
```

  # CLI flag: -ingester.read-adaptive-limiter.min-inflight-limit
  [min_inflight_limit: <int> | default = 2]

>   # (experimental) Max inflight requests limit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # (experimental) Maximum inflight requests limit
```

  # CLI flag: -ingester.read-adaptive-limiter.max-inflight-limit
  [max_inflight_limit: <int> | default = 200]

  # (experimental) Initial inflight requests limit
  # CLI flag: -ingester.read-adaptive-limiter.initial-inflight-limit
  [initial_inflight_limit: <int> | default = 20]

>   # (experimental) The max limit as a multiple of current inflight requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # (experimental) The maximum limit as a multiple of current inflight requests
```

  # CLI flag: -ingester.read-adaptive-limiter.max-limit-factor
  [max_limit_factor: <float> | default = 5]

  # (experimental) How many recent limit and inflight time measurements are
  # stored to detect whether increases in limits correlate with increases in
  # inflight times
  # CLI flag: -ingester.read-adaptive-limiter.correlation-window
  [correlation_window: <int> | default = 50]

  # (experimental) The number of allowed queued requests, as a multiple of

>   # current inflight requests, after which rejections will start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # current inflight requests, after which rejections start
```

  # CLI flag: -ingester.read-adaptive-limiter.initial-rejection-factor
  [initial_rejection_factor: <float> | default = 2]

  # (experimental) The number of allowed queued requests, as a multiple of

>   # current inflight requests, after which all requests will be rejected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # current inflight requests, after which all requests are rejected
```
